First, I am not vegan because I am vegan, or to be part of a community ...
In just 5 seconds, "Unnatural Vegan" mentions the other topic for which I can be considered.
infamous, for treating it very bluntly [laugh] and realistically: community.
In the past, I have made several videos talking about what it means to say that vegans
they are a community.
Have we been a community? Will it be that at some point we put the batteries as a community?
Unnatural Vegan brings an interesting point she is not in it for the community.
It is not your goal.
It is not your concern.
Well, I differ from her and this is not a criticism of her, it is a personal difference that I think
it is worth reflecting; I am more ambitious.
I am more voracious than that.
Yes, I want a real community.
Look at "Mothers Against Drunk Drivers (MADD)" they have an office in every state
from USA
There are 50 states in the United States.
They have over 50 offices with dedicated staff, open all the time, we don't.
Tell me, in 2016 what message is most important? Mothers Against Drivers
Drunk or veganism? It is veganism.
Even though in the past, in the '80s maybe there was an argument.
MADD was an important council, today, veganism is a message that you definitely need
50 offices in the United States.
I lived during a period in which homosexual groups went from being marginal, to
be very influential.When I lived in Toronto, there were a lot of gay offices,
offices that dealt with the rights of this community, including a single one dedicated to lesbianism.
multiple offices and multiple perspectives If controversy arose, the newspapers
they could go and interview these organizations.
They were non-profit organizations, political organizations, whatever ...
If the police commissioner made a homophobic comment, the newspapers would go and interview.
"Well, let's go to this foundation and this group that defends homosexual rights and get
your opinion about it. "Something like that, that's a real community.
That is a face, a reflection that there was in Toronto, at that time a gay community
real, they had a neighborhood, buildings and offices.
They had lawyers, nightclubs, festivals, I'm talking about the gay community in Toronto, it's not
thus in all cities there were several, very well organized and vocal communities
gay and newspapers could go where they.
It would be different if we were at the MADD level, it would be different if we were
at the level of Jews in British Columbia Jews are a minority in this part
Canada have institutions, they have real organizations, they have college scholarships and all
types of benefits for people starting with the cradle to the grave, and lately you
you can go there and attend a picnic and chat with other human beings face to face of collecting
funds to things that can make a big impact.
I want it all, I want a real community.
I do not see why to pretend that I do not want that, that I do not value it I do not see why to pretend that
veganism is completely satisfactory for me as just a diet or something I do
only it will never have political ramifications.
By blood, I am Jewish, by belief I am a nihilistic atheist, yet for my life
and that of my family, it would benefit me more to pretend to be a religious Jew, to participate in the
temple, because Judaism in Canada can offer me a real community of picnics
to retirement homes.
From picnics to private schools to retirement homes.
From the cradle to the grave.
Life cycle benefits are offered by Judaism, Mormonism and other ideologies
crazy where do you believe in a god that does not exist or that you pray to someone who will never
hear.
Unless you say your prayers on YouTube where your followers hear you.
I look at groups like Mormons and say: I want it all.
I want everything you have For Mormons, it is nothing to organize a picnic where 200
people are coming, okay? For me, not even that is enough.
It is nothing to Mormons to organize a fundraiser to help orphans
or start a charity to change the world.
I want vegans to have that.
I am concerned about the life cycle from cradle to grave.
I have a 3-year-old daughter, I don't see her very often, she lives in Europe and I'm living in
the China.
However, where is my daughter going to go to school? Where will my daughter go to
the nursery? Where am I going to retire or where are my grandparents going to retire? From
the cradle to the grave.
The problems of the gay community changed over time.
Recently, the gay community fought strong struggles, now the gay community can celebrate
that many of those battles have been won in Canada.
In Saudi Arabia and other countries, the fight for gay rights is another story.
in his childhood But Canada was one of the first countries to legalize marriage
between gays and I fight for equal rights Those battles have been won.
The battles of veganism are just beginning.
Where is that office? Where is that neighborhood, that nightclub? Where
is that retirement home and nursery? I want everything.
I am fundamentally more ambitious than Unnatural Vegan.
I am not satisfied with what you call "community," I am not satisfied with a group of people
self-indulgent middle-aged giving each other Facebook likes.
I'm not satisfied with a bunch of teenagers on Instagram photographing their buttocks in a
bikini declaring that they are changing the world, none of that is enough for me.
OK? I want more.
Can I have it today? No.
Can I have it next year? No.
Am I going to see it before I die? Maybe.
MADD launched in no time.
What percentage of Americans support MADD? It's really a minority who support
a foundation like that and they make it successful.
What percentage of people donate to Jewish temples in Canada? A very small minority.
I have spoken before about Sikhism in Canada, a small religious movement.
And again with gays, homosexuality is not a diet they have no need to
separate restaurants but they have them! In Toronto, there is a gay district, there are restaurants
gay even though there is no gay food! Vegans already have a reason to build buildings
like restaurants.
Yes, I want it all, from cradle to grave, from physical temples to lawyers, from
political organizations to foundations so respected that when there is a controversy
in government, newspapers can call foundations where there is a voice advocating for
veganism in Parliament, newspapers, on the street.
Yes, I love it, and I can admit that I do not have it, that is a true community
and we are going to have to work very hard to get it.